when Elif as the temanite answered can a
when Elif as the temanite answered can a man be profitable to God though he who
man be profitable to God though he who
man be profitable to God though he who is wise may be profitable to himself
is wise may be profitable to himself
is wise may be profitable to himself is it any pleasure to the Almighty that
is it any pleasure to the Almighty that
is it any pleasure to the Almighty that you are righteous or is it gain to him
you are righteous or is it gain to him
you are righteous or is it gain to him that you make your ways blameless is it
that you make your ways blameless is it
that you make your ways blameless is it because of your fear of him that he
because of your fear of him that he
because of your fear of him that he corrects you and enters into judgment
corrects you and enters into judgment
corrects you and enters into judgment with you is not your wickedness great
with you is not your wickedness great
with you is not your wickedness great and your iniquity without end for you
and your iniquity without end for you
and your iniquity without end for you have taken pleasures from your brother
have taken pleasures from your brother
have taken pleasures from your brother for no reason and stripped the naked of
for no reason and stripped the naked of
for no reason and stripped the naked of their clothing you have not given the
their clothing you have not given the
their clothing you have not given the weary water to drink and you have
weary water to drink and you have
weary water to drink and you have withheld bread from the hungry but the
withheld bread from the hungry but the
withheld bread from the hungry but the mighty man possessed the land and the
mighty man possessed the land and the
mighty man possessed the land and the honorable man dwells in it you have sent
honorable man dwells in it you have sent
honorable man dwells in it you have sent widows away empty and the strength of
widows away empty and the strength of
widows away empty and the strength of the fatherless was crushed
the fatherless was crushed
the fatherless was crushed therefore snares are all around you and
therefore snares are all around you and
therefore snares are all around you and sudden fear troubles you or darkness so
sudden fear troubles you or darkness so
sudden fear troubles you or darkness so that you cannot see and an abundance of
that you cannot see and an abundance of
that you cannot see and an abundance of water covers you is not God in the
water covers you is not God in the
water covers you is not God in the height of heaven and see the highest
height of heaven and see the highest
height of heaven and see the highest stars how lofty they are and you say
stars how lofty they are and you say
stars how lofty they are and you say what does God know can he judge through
what does God know can he judge through
what does God know can he judge through the deep darkness thick clouds cover him
the deep darkness thick clouds cover him
the deep darkness thick clouds cover him so that he cannot see and he walks above
so that he cannot see and he walks above
so that he cannot see and he walks above the circle of heaven will you keep to
the circle of heaven will you keep to
the circle of heaven will you keep to the old way which wicked men have trod
the old way which wicked men have trod
the old way which wicked men have trod who were cut down before that time whose
who were cut down before that time whose
who were cut down before that time whose foundations were swept away by a flood
foundations were swept away by a flood
foundations were swept away by a flood they said to God depart from us what can
they said to God depart from us what can
they said to God depart from us what can the Almighty do to them yet he filled
the Almighty do to them yet he filled
the Almighty do to them yet he filled their houses with good things but the
their houses with good things but the
their houses with good things but the counsel of the wicked is far from me the
counsel of the wicked is far from me the
counsel of the wicked is far from me the righteous see it and are glad and the
righteous see it and are glad and the
righteous see it and are glad and the innocent laugh at them surely our
innocent laugh at them surely our
innocent laugh at them surely our adversaries are cut down and the fire
adversaries are cut down and the fire
adversaries are cut down and the fire consumes their remnant now acquaint
consumes their remnant now acquaint
consumes their remnant now acquaint yourself with him and be at peace there
yourself with him and be at peace there
yourself with him and be at peace there by good will come to you receive please
by good will come to you receive please
by good will come to you receive please instruction from his mouth and lay up
instruction from his mouth and lay up
instruction from his mouth and lay up his words in your heart
his words in your heart
his words in your heart if you return to the Almighty you will
if you return to the Almighty you will
if you return to the Almighty you will be built up you will remove iniquity far
be built up you will remove iniquity far
be built up you will remove iniquity far from your tents then you will lay your
from your tents then you will lay your
from your tents then you will lay your gold in the dust and the gold of Ophir
gold in the dust and the gold of Ophir
gold in the dust and the gold of Ophir among the stones of the Brooks yes the
among the stones of the Brooks yes the
among the stones of the Brooks yes the Almighty will be your gold and your
Almighty will be your gold and your
Almighty will be your gold and your precious silver for then you will have
precious silver for then you will have
precious silver for then you will have your delight in the Almighty and lift up
your delight in the Almighty and lift up
your delight in the Almighty and lift up your face to God you will make your
your face to God you will make your
your face to God you will make your prayer to him he will hear you and you
prayer to him he will hear you and you
prayer to him he will hear you and you will pay your vows
will pay your vows
will pay your vows you will also declare a thing and it
you will also declare a thing and it
you will also declare a thing and it will be established for you so light
will be established for you so light
will be established for you so light will shine on your ways when they cast
will shine on your ways when they cast
will shine on your ways when they cast you down and you say exaltation will
you down and you say exaltation will
you down and you say exaltation will come then he will save the humble person
come then he will save the humble person
come then he will save the humble person he will even deliver one who is not
he will even deliver one who is not
he will even deliver one who is not innocent yes he will be delivered by the
innocent yes he will be delivered by the
innocent yes he will be delivered by the purity of your hands
purity of your hands
purity of your hands [Music]